add limit 1 for redshift (#60)
fivetran/dbt_zendesk_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_zendesk_source v0.15.0

## Under the Hood
- (Affects Redshift only) Updates the `union_zendesk_connections` macro to use a limit 1 instead of limit 0 for empty tables.
  - When a table is empty, Redshift ignores explicit data casts and will materialize every column as a `varchar`. Redshift users may experience errors in downstream transformations as a consequence.

>   - For each staging model, if the source table is not found, the package will create a empty table with 0 rows for non-Redshift warehouses and a table with 1 all-`null` row for Redshift destinations. The 1 row will ensure that Redshift will respect the package's datatype casts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For each staging model, if the source table is not found, the package will create a empty table with zero rows for non-Redshift warehouses and a table with one all-`null` row for Redshift destinations. The one row will ensure that Redshift will respect the package's datatype casts.
```

Author: Thanks Avinash! I didn't know that! I actually like the version I have currently because I think it's better readability. It also follows the same note in the recent [Qualtrics release](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_qualtrics/releases), if we want to keep it standardized across packages.

Reviewer: @fivetran-reneeli makes sense!

## Documentation Updates
- Added enabled config variables to `brand`, `organization` and `organization_tag` in the `src_zendesk.yml` models. 

> - [Updated README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_zendesk_source?tab=readme-ov-file#step-4-enabledisable-models-for-non-existent-sources) with instructions on how to disable `brand` and `organization` sources. 

Reviewer 2: Could you add this back in?

Author: Ah thanks for catching. It must've been deleted during my recent fetch.
